Link:
https://www.seek.com.au/job/56430023?type=promoted#sol=356a3f8cba0cad06de10dfa588ffa276dea674b3


This role is a permanent full time job at Markinson business software company. 
The position is appealing to me as I meet the requirements for this job and it is suitable for me to start working after I graduate. 


Like most workforces, Markinson’s is seeking for someone who has great verbal and written communication skills to be able to deal with customer enquiries and issues. 
There are also various skills and previous experience required for this role which includes completing a degree of Bachelor of Information technology or any other similar degrees that includes the knowledge required for the role. 
Moreover, the company seeks an individual with great understanding of programming principles, development methodologies and tool sets, database principles and database environments. 
They also seek a demonstrated knowledge of XML as well as proven ability to accomplish project activities within the company’s budgets and deadlines. 
Like most organisations seek, Markinson wants a responsible individual who has the capability to uphold a high level of professionalism in all interactions. 

I have recently graduated Yr 12 awarded with a Victorian Certificate of Education. 
I am currently studying Information Technology at RMIT University, to obtain a qualification in any area of the Information Technology workforce. 
My experience in Information is limited with minor skills learnt over my highschool studies and programming and database principles which I am currently learning to expand in my University studies.
I am in the process of learning and practicing to be professional in a job that I want to achieve in the future. 
I also have great written and verbal skills and can easily communicate with other members of the workforce and perform great teamwork skills to promote great accomplishments to the company. 


As I’m only in my first year of University, I am still progressing on learning new skills for a role that I desire to achieve after my studies. 
I will work hard to get high scoring marks in my assignments and assessments and stay focused on my studies by understanding the logic behind the world of programming, database, and other principles that fall under Information technology. 
In doing so, I will have the ability to attain various sets of skills that can help me expand my knowledge in the role and also be able to uphold high levels of professionalism as required by the employer. 


