I am a huge fan of technology and always love to play around with it and learn new skills. 
I find it really interesting how much technology has changed our lifestyles in so many ways and how it made it easier to perform certain daily tasks. 
I have researched a lot of careers in Information technology, and hearing other people’s experiences and journey in the workforce really sounded exciting to me. 
I love the idea of being able to work from home and being able to travel around the world working in different countries. 
I believe that a career in Information Technologies gives individuals various opportunities to enhance their knowledge of Technology as well as being able to have a flexible working environment. 

Growing up in a generation with the rise of new technologies, I was always interested in playing around and exploring online games. 
This grew the curiosity within me on how certain technologies are developed and how they can help us in our daily lives whether it is for work, entertainment or to complete daily tasks. 
In my final year of primary school, I was given the opportunity to use an Ipad to help me with my learning, which helped me to learn new skills with different softwares such as microsoft. 
This sparked an interest in me to explore all the options which various softwares provide to help me with my work to perform my best. 
I have always loved messing around and learning new things on my own, clicking on random buttons and learning their functions. 

Since the beginning of high school,  IT was a subject that I chose every year till Year 12, and was my most favourite class. In Year 8, we were learning to develop a website and had to be extremely creative presenting the information and features. 
After that we also did animation which was more entertaining. Further over the years, we explored many different IT concepts which I found interesting to learn and would never miss a class and was always looking forward to learning new things. 
At home, my parents call me tech-savvy and they usually seek my help to get around with certain things relating to IT, although it is small tasks. 

I chose to study at RMIT University because it is one of the leading universities in Melbourne and is ranked 14th in Australia. I have heard that it is a very good institution to study Information Technology from previous students and friends and family. 
I have also researched a lot throughout my highschool about RMIT and the opportunities they have open for students from all around the world. 
When I came to know that RMIT offers lots of different Information Technology courses, I looked into it and found it very engaging. 
I believe that by studying at RMIT, I can accomplish my dreams and achieve a good career in IT with the help of my tutors and friends around me. 

During my studies, I expect to expand my knowledge and skills I have learnt in Information Technology at highschool. 
I want to explore how the world of technology works and how it can make great impacts in our lifestyle in the present and future generations. 
I want to enhance my knowledge in coding and certain softwares that lots of companies require as a skill to have in certain roles. 

Through my final years of high school, I researched courses I would like to do in lots of different universities all over Victoria.
By word of mouth and lots of research and other people’s personal experiences, I learnt that RMIT was a very friendly and engaging university, where Information Technology is a very popular course. 

After graduation I hope to get work as a graduate entry in a company that requires skills and knowledge obtained from my bachelor degree. 
I hope to gain experience and learn new skills working in that company and move on to other jobs with the experience I gained. 
I would love to travel around the world working for different companies learning new things and exploring different cultures as well as meeting new people that work in the same field all around the world. 
